(Yuma)
So, Alito and Girag used this
place as their hideout?(Ray Shadows)
Yes, that's right.
Well, it doesn't look like
anybody's been here lately.
We won't find any clues here.
Leave the investigating to me,
Junior Deputy Yuma.
You're a rookie, so keep
your opinions to yourself.
A rookie?
But if you work hard
and carry out all my orders,
you can earn
yourself one of these.
An official Barian
police badge.
That's the coolest
thing I've ever seen!
By the way, how is Astral?
I don't know.
I haven't seen him since
we dueled against Girag.
His body must still
be healing, I guess.
I see.
Well, when Astral does show up,
don't tell him I'm with
the Barian Cosmic Crime Unit.
That won't be easy.
I don't like keeping
secrets from my friends.
That's an order.
Astral's safety depends on it.
Yes, sir, sir!
Understood!
♪ ♪
♪ Still together as one
Cuz divided we're none  ♪
♪ Ready to go
We feel the flow  ♪
♪ So don't stand in our way
You know we ain't afraid  ♪
♪ This is our time
We're in control  ♪
♪ If I trip up today
You just wipe it away  ♪
♪ All of my fears
Are gone erased  ♪
♪ Let us tear down the walls
'Til the final night falls  ♪
♪ The bonds of our souls
Can't be replaced  ♪
♪ Let us fight together  ♪
♪ Regret it never
Our dreams will be  ♪
♪ Halfway to forever  ♪
♪ Our light comes
Shining through  ♪
♪ Reach down deep Beat defeat  ♪
♪ Do all that we can do  ♪
♪ Halfway to forever  ♪
♪ We've got nothing to lose  ♪
♪ Keep breathing Believing  ♪
♪ Halfway to forever ♪  ♪
(Astral)
The Numbers that are being used
by the Barians
are far more
powerful than any monsters
Yuma and I have faced before,
especially when they evolve
into Chaos Numbers.
We will
not continue winning our duels
unless I find a way to become
stronger, but how?
What is happening?
The Numbers...
It seems as if they are trying
to communicate with me.
(Number 96) Astral!
You! Number 96!
You are not powerful enough
to defeat the Barians.
I thought I had finally
seen the last of you.
Well, luckily for you,
you were wrong.
You need my aid, Astral,
and you know it.
Release me from the confines
of this Key and in return,
I will lend you my help.
You know I will not
accept your offer.
Do not dismiss me so quickly.
I know that you are stumbling
around hopelessly in the dark.
You do not have the strength
to continue on alone.
You need me.
Face the facts, Astral.
You may be light,
but I am darkness.
Light can only
shine in the dark.
Without me, you will
never be complete!
Hey, Astral, are you there?
(Teacher)
This single-celled organism
is a wonder of nature...
(Yuma) Astral, can you hear me?
C'mon answer me, please!
Yuma, can't that
wait till after class?
No, I have to find out
if Astral is okay.
Hey, I know!
Excuse me, but I need to go
to the nurse's office, pronto!
The sudden reappearance of
Number 96 is disturbing.
I wish I could make
sense of it all,
but my mission remains
as mysterious as ever.
(Door)
Astral...
are you worthy?
What is this place?
Your time is now.
Your time is now, Astral...
For what?
Tell me.
Explain.
Pass this test and your
path will be revealed.
Fail, and all will be lost.
All will be lost?
What must I do?
Who are you?
I am the one who will
challenge your limits!
You must duel me!
Astral, please!
Come out of the Key!
I'm worried about you!
(Yuma)
He's still
not answering.
I bet he's really sick!
We have to do something!
Calm down, please.
You'll be okay, pal!
Just relax!
I'll ask the nurse
to take your temperature!
Chill out!
I'm sure it's all gonna
be okay, Yuma.
Hey, what's
going on? Whoa!
(Tori)
Whatever it is,
it can't be good!
Hey, where's Yuma?
He's gone!
Whoa! Whoa!
Wait a minute, where am I?
Astral!
Does this mean we're
inside the Golden Key?
Yes.
Did you bring me here?
No, you were brought
here by him.
Whoa!
Who is that?
(Astral)
It appears I am
to be tested.
In order to further my mission,
I must defeat this warrior.
Is he a Barian?
He is not.
Nevertheless, I must beat him
to regain a crucial memory.
Be warned!
Losing will have grave
consequences.
Well then, it's a good thing
all I know how to do is win!
Duel Disk go!
Duel Gazer, let's roll!
Let's duel!
Let us see how you
handle adversity.
Will you overcome it
or will it destroy you?
I draw!
I begin by summoning
Bubble Breeder!
I will then send this card
to my graveyard.
This allows me to summon another
Bubble Breeder from my hand,
which I will do without delay!
And now I activate
Monster Reborn!
I will use it to return
a third Bubble Breeder
from my graveyard!
This guy isn't fooling around.
Indeed, I will use
all my might against you!
I overlay all three
Bubble Breeders
in order to build
the Overlay Network!
I Xyz Summon Unformed Void!
But it has no attack points!
And that should worry us.
I activate my field
spell Overlay World!
At the end of each turn, any
duelist without an Xyz Monster
takes 500 points of damage,
and any destroyed Xyz Monsters
will be banished!
I now end my turn.
That's really gonna limit
our options in this duel.
This will be most challenging.
It's already hitting
us up for damage!
But no matter what...
We're gonna win this thing!
Together, we can do this!
That's right, we summon
Dododo Warrior!
By lowering its attack
points by 500,
we can summon it
without tributing!
(Both)
And then we will
use a spell.
Fourcing!
(Astral)
By sending a card in our hand
to the graveyard,
we can summon
a Level 4 Spellcaster.
We're saying goodbye
to Ganbara Lancer.
And hello to Gagaga Magician!
Next, we use the spell
Monster Reborn!
That'll let us bring
back Ganbara Lancer!
When we Xyz Summon,
Ganbara Lancer
will count as two monsters!
Yeah, we Overlay our
two Ganbara Lancers
in order to build
the Overlay Network
and Xyz Summon Number 61:
Volcasaurus!
Yuma, summon another
Number at once!
I activate Gagaga Magician's
special ability,
changing its Level from 4 to 6!
Now I can overlay Gagaga
Magician and Dododo Warrior!
I Xyz Summon Number 6:
Chronomaly Atlandis!
Cool!
With that, we can
get the upper hand!
Indeed, the time to act is now.
Let's go!
I activate Atlandis's
special ability!
By using this Overlay Unit,
it wipes out half
your life points!
Go, Atlandis!
Orichalcum Gate!
Oh, yeah!
That worked perfectly!
Now let's attack him
with our Numbers!
I activate Unformed Void's
special ability!
By using one Overlay Unit,
all your Xyz Monsters'
attack points
are added to my Unformed Void!
Whoa! Now it's
super powerful!
He appears to have
turned the tables on us.
Yeah, maybe so.
But now we can turn the
tables right back on him!
I activate Volcasaurus'
special ability!
By using one Overlay Unit,
Volcasaurus destroys
your monster
and deals you damage equal to
the destroyed monster's
attack points!
This duel's all done!
No.
His monster should've
been totally vaporized!
Overlay World's effect
makes that impossible.
While this field is active,
no spell, trap,
or special ability
can destroy Xyz Monsters!
Well, that figures.
Guess I'll have to
end my turn then.
It's my move!
I draw!
Unformed Void attack Atlandis!
Since it is a Number,
it cannot be destroyed.
Yeah, you're right!
When Unformed Void attacks,
it puts an end
to any special abilities
that prevent your monster's
destruction.
Oh, no!
It's gonna take
out our Number!
He counters every
single move we make.
We are not strong enough.
You will not win until you
accept the one thing you lack.
You need... my help!
What does this guy
want, Astral?
He's nothing but trouble!
You have me all wrong.
I am here to help.
This opponent is testing Astral
in order to see if he is worthy
of keeping the Numbers.
Worthy?
That doesn't make any sense.
Why would that guy care if
Astral has the Numbers?
Astral, you know I am right.
You also know that you need
my power to defeat him.
What does he mean we
need his power, Astral?
It is true.
I have things
that Astral lacks.
Anger, envy, malice.
You need them all to win!
We don't need any of that
stuff and we never will!
Or so you think.
Take my advice and
think it over carefully
before you turn
me down, Astral.
Just remember...
this is not the human world.
I wonder what will happen to
your friend Yuma if you lose?
Astral, he's wrong!
We can win this without
anyone's help!
It's my turn!
I draw!
I'm putting a monster
facedown in defense mode!
And then I'll switch
Volcasaurus to defense mode.
I activate Unformed Void's
special ability!
Now the attack points of
your Xyz Monster are added
to Unformed Void's
attack total!
No way! Not again!
It's getting stronger
with every turn.
Yuma, place that card down.
I'm putting one card facedown
and ending my turn!
It is my move!
Unformed Void,
destroy Volcasaurus!
I end my turn!
We have no Xyz Monsters,
so Overlay World's effect
will strike us again!
This next turn
will be our last.
Unless we summon
an Xyz Monster,
the field spell's effect will
erase all our life points.
But if we do bring an Xyz
Monster onto our field,
the strength his monster
gains will be devastating,
both for myself and for Yuma!
(Number 96)
This is not the human world.
I wonder what will happen to
your friend Yuma if you lose?
(Astral) Yuma.
All right, Number 96!
I will free you!
No, Astral, you can't!
Please don't do this!
Number 96,
make sure you fulfill
your end of our bargain!
Why, Astral?
Why are you teaming
up with him?
I promised that I would help you
win this duel and I will.
You must summon Dark Mist...
quickly!
No, I won't!
You must! It is the
only way we can win!
(Yuma) All right, then.
My move!
First, I'll summon
my facedown monster.
Magical Undertaker
is on the job!
Then I'll have it use
its special ability!
It lets me summon a Spellcaster
from my graveyard
as long as
it's Level 4-or-below.
Come back, Gagaga Magician!
And whenever a Dark Attribute
monster is on my field,
I can summon this monster
from my hand!
Caligo Claw Crow!
Now use your ability, Gagaga!
Change from Level 4 to Level 2!
Now summon Dark Mist and
I will seal our victory!
Do it!
Now.
All right!
I Overlay my Level 2 Gagaga
Magician, Caligo Claw Crow,
and Magical Undertaker in order
to build the Overlay Network!
I Xyz Summon Number 96:
Dark Mist!
Your troubles are over!
Dark Mist will eliminate
all who stand in our way!
Dark Mist,
attack Unformed Void!
I activate Dark Mist's
special ability!
By using one Overlay Unit,
Dark Mist steals half of
Unformed Void's attack points!
Shadow Gain!
Now activate that trap card
while you have a chance!
I'm activating Battle Restart!
(Astral)
If a battle has
already commenced,
this card restarts the battle!
Perfect.
This allows Dark Mist
to use Shadow Gain again!
Be merciless, Dark Mist!
Drain away half of
Unformed Void's attack points
so that you can grow stronger!
And now we can finish him off!
Convinced yet?
Surely you must see now
that you do need my power...
the power of darkness!
Go, Dark Mist!
Destroy Unformed Void!
Whiplash Whirlwind!
You have proven yourself
worthy, Astral.
Your path will now be revealed.
Hold up, where are we now?
The Door has put us on the path
to enlightenment, Yuma.
I finally understand what the
Numbers have been telling me.
Of course, yes,
it all makes sense.
Yuma, I remember now!
There is a card that contains
the meaning of the
entire universe.
Within it can be found any
answer you could possibly seek!
Everything from the
origins of time itself
to the ultimate destiny
of all reality.
Wait, all that
stuff's... in a card?
It is a very
special card, Yuma.
The card is so powerful
that it can determine
the fate of every world.
This may be hard
for you to understand
and even harder for you
to believe.
It is the card that created
our whole universe...
The Numeron Code.
Where is it?
As we collect
the remaining Numbers,
we will learn
the card's location.
The Barians are desperately
seeking this card,
but I must obtain it first!
Whoa, not again!
Tori!
Yuma!
What a relief!
(Tori)
Astral! You're okay!
What's that?
Astral, you kept your word
and set me free.
Thank you.
And I promise you,
there will come a day
when you need my dark powers
once more.
We will meet again.
Well, that was weird.
What was that thing?
(Tori) Are you serious?
You guys actually had a duel
inside your Key?
Yeah.
That Astral look-alike
helped us win.
And after that, me and Astral
were transported
to some passageway.
It was there we saw
a super mysterious card
called Numeron Code.
Numeron Code?
Sounds important.
Number 96 seemed certain
that I would
ask for his help again.
Will I truly need his powers
to carry out my mission?
Am I destined to draw upon his
darkness in the future?